Had a problem with online website, called several numbers listed, engaged in online chats, talked to several "customer service" people - it is amazing that the only thing they can do is pass you from one person to another. Nothing gets resolved, nothing gets accomplished, everyone says how sorry they are that you are having problems, but nothing happens to FIX THE PROBLEM. Tried to find someone to talk to about a potential fraud issue, and NO ONE CARES. Lowe's here I come.
I placed my very first online order on November 22, for a large amount of product from the Anderson, SC store. When I placed it I ran into some issues with the delivery date, I talked with an online person named Jenny who assured me that although the system was showing Nov 28 as the delivery date, that after speaking with the manager of the Anderson store and confirming that everything was in stock, that I would have my items on Nov. 24. On Nov 24, I didn't receive my items, so on Nov 25, I called the Anderson and spoke to a young man that said my items were shipping from the Greenville store and should be delivered that day.
I purchased a fridge here and it stopped working 6 month later. They informed me that the return policy on appliances is only 24 hrs from delivery. I am very disappointed in this company. Do not do business with them!
On Nov 9, I went to Home Depot to order 5 boxes of tiles for my kitchen. I had to ask for an associate twice at the check out, and no one ever showed up, then I went to customer service and asked for a manager. He took me to an associate and I placed my order. I was told that it would take a week to a week and a half and someone would call me when it is ready to be picked up. Today Nov 25, I called the store because I had not received a call or an e-mail from Home Depot, to check on my order. The order was in, it had come in 5 days ago.  I asked why nobody called me to let me know that the order was ready for pick-up and I was told that they normally send an e-mail. I was never asked for an e-mail address, so how can someone send an e-mail? The order also states that the merchandise will only be held for 7 days at the store. So if I would have waited 2 more days the store would have shipped the tiles back. My next special order will be with Lowe's again, I know I get phone message and e-mails when my orders arrive. I will never place an order with Home Depot again.
I ordered a hammock online to be picked up at the store. I could see there were a few available at the store I selected. After the order was placed I got a call from them saying they were all out of stock and all stores in the area were out too. They offered no help and cancelled my order.
After verifying with The Home Depot's online inventory system that an item was available in my local store I went to the store to purchase the item. Upon arriving and moving to the location of the item in the store I was faced with...no item. A fellow was searching through a few boxes that were on the shelf while looking at his smartphone? I commented that he was looking at the same thing I was. Something not there. He said that the store inventory showed 59 of his item. The one I was there for said 24. Not acceptable.
I have to say the customer service was great however, the online ordering was horrible. I tried placing an online order using gift cards and cc for my remaining balance however, when I went to check out I wasn't able to finalize the purchase. The store supposedly had plenty of the items in stock however, when I placed my order for the final checkout, using gift cards and a cc for the remaining balance I was unable to finalize the process. When I again tried to process my cart it said my gift cards were no longer valid. I called Home Depot and was told that the credit should be restored on my gift cards but would not be available until Friday.  Needless to say I am very frustrated because I work Black Friday and will not be unable to place my order for a supposed product that has been available since at least November 19, 2017. I have never purchased anything from Home Depot and the only reason I decided to at this time was because I had received gift cards for their store. If this is the way Home Depot does business I will not be purchasing anything from them. The gift cards were a birthday present and I am really disappointed with the online service. Again, the Customer Service Representative I spoke with was very understanding however, the online service was a huge disappointment.
Since every retail chain has the same products and same prices, stick with your local guy. Bought a dryer and when delivery did not show up, we called. They stated no one was home, however both my husband I were home. We even saw a delivery truck stop in front of our house about time of delivery. Therefore this was not true. Three + hours on the phone with delivery service and Home Depot without resolution. I will cancel this order and go to my local merchant. Take heed and too bad there are a "no star" rating!
Called Schererville, Ind store. After getting hung up on 4 times finally got a manager Less and didn't care if I stayed a customer or not. I am a contractor and was told I can go to Lowe's or Menards. Online charge me 9.00 on tax and store charged 13.00. They said that is the way it is. Why even shop at store instead of online. I wonder what IRS WILL SAY.
In the past year I have purchased, or purchase for 4 appliances. A French door style refrigerator, 2 dishwashers and now one washing machine. The delivery service has had to replace the fridge because all of the glass shelves were broken. This delayed receiving my fridge by three weeks and I had to sweep up the glass from the street. It three times to get one of the dishwashers delivered because two were damaged from mishandling. One got dropped so hard the motor seal broke from the stainless tub.
It’s me again. I got a call from a store manager in West Springfield MA today. I am sorry, I work for a living and I did not get home until 4:30 pm. When I tried to return the call, she gave me an extension on the sales floor that rang and rang. A lot of help that was. NOT. My husband spoke to her briefly today. She said, again that we would not receive the cabinets until December 5th. That is unacceptable. We are a middle-class family that works hard for our money. We were finally able to redo our family room. We bought cabinets from you, you took our money to pay for these cabinets. And then you sold them. In my book, this transaction constitutes a contract between you and me. We were specifically told that the cabinets were in stock in the warehouse. We were eventually told after many attempts to go pick them up 3, 2, 1 days later that they were on their way.  Then we were told by one of YOUR salespeople that your affiliate company placed a big order after ours and took our cabinets away from us and NOW our cabinets were back ordered until December. Are you kidding me??? I paid for those cabinets and that should not have happened. You sold our cabinets!!! I can not tell you how angry I am at Home Depot. We traditionally have a party at my house the Saturday after Thanksgiving to celebrate my only child’s birthday. He will be 14 this year. Guess what? This is not happening thanks to you! I have dreamed about a mantle on my fireplace that I will decorate at the holidays. I finally got one but guess what? I don’t have cabinets to finish the room so I can't celebrate Christmas in my new room because… YOU SOLD MY CABINETS. We are living in one room with furniture crammed into it.  Our Christmas won’t be celebrated in my new room thanks to you. Where do we fit a tree. I can not stand that you thought nothing of selling my cabinets. You need to realize that behind every purchase at Home Depot is a story. And this is my story. And it’s not pretty and I am not going to stop. If I have to post something on social media every day, I will. That is how angry I am. I will not stop. Do the right thing. Find me cabinets. And don’t do this to anyone else. Don’t ruin your customers' hopes and dreams like you have ruined mine. Have a heart Home Depot.  
Every time I order from Home Depot I get no receipt, proof of purchase and item is always broken. I get screwed unless I get at the store. Opened box and item (Ryoby power washer) is in rusty, used, scratched up and handle with rips. I don’t get it.
CAUTION! I purchased flooring from Home Depot and of course they had to do the measurements and the install. The guy that did the install was great. No problems. The problem is I was told I could return anything unused. There were 8 boxes of flooring left over! 8! On a small master bedroom. So of course I figured well I'll just return the extra and I did. However what they don't tell you is they are going to charge you 15% restocking fee! So the measure and you have 8 boxes left over and get charged to return their screwup. I called the main office who said, "We'll have the manager call you, Craig, and fix this." Never got a call so I called there 5 times and of course he never returned my calls. Folks stay the hell away! This is a scam scam scam! 8 boxes. Are you kidding me. I'll never shop there again. NEVER. And I've received 7 different emails on him calling. YET ANOTHER BUSINESS THAT CAN'T THEIR JOB.
Home Orange Depot Unbelievable experience recently accused it was my bank's card issues which it is actually the Home Depot's online/ staff issues. They keeps on beating around the bush, did not honor the agreement prices; and said guarantee it will go through this time to shipping my items - every time, 6th time they canceled my order auto by their system - then on their knees being extreme apologize, that they value me as their customers. Good Business would not point their fingers at the creditors when creditors was on 3 way phone line communication to confirm it/everything not once but TWICE - wasted few days of my time past 1 week and half.  I had ordered DeWalt combo driller for just $99 plus the insurance plus the 30 pieces for it - received it at no problem, then they said my 2nd/3rd order was a huge issues with the information to be verify? Yeah right; if first order went through no problem and was billed to my creditor; same credit card info, same address, everything just the SAME - being lied to, played games with, wasted our customer's time... Telling ME to go BUY A GIFT CARD then use it to try to get order to go through? WOW. NO heck way that I WOULD EVER buy gift card, deal with blunt honest info - my credit card period! I will NEVER EVER do business with Home Depot again EVER - wasted nearly 1 week and half of my time; stress increase, anger increase, frustration increased - good for my health? NO! Business should be solutions, not problems ongoing.  I am going to return that 2 DeWalt drill combo and demand refund; then bring that money over to Lowe's nor ACE hardware stores who are undervalue that are deserving with decent customers that they rightfully deserves. Home Depot DOES NOT deserves our business if they keeps on treating their customers like this. Canceled my order 6 times and point their nasty orange fingers at my creditor company which my creditor has no problem getting my food/needs/shops other places no problem; Home Depot the only one that has issues. They had opened a specifically case for me; assigned me to specialist - then when I called to try to resolve this issues, for the SIXTH 6th times (6 confirmation orders here: I can list it if you want to know the proof)... after requesting my specialist - they refuse EVEN EVER let me talk with that specialist and said they can help, made it only them able to help. It's totally B.S.  If they can't solve problem, own it up, honor what their agreement with the customers, keeping their fingers clean before point it at another side - then I have NO ZERO BUSINESS to be in their business to do business with them. I take my precious time/business elsewhere who deserves my money. Home Depot isn't the one. Sad. When I buy my own land - I will make SURE NOTHING EVER comes out of you/your company Home crap orange Depot. Sorry but NOT SORRY! Hello Lowe's, Hello ACE - thanks for being really good to me, that I will from now on coming back to you guys for the rest of stuff I needed as you deserves well loyalty customer. Goodbye Home Depot, you fit in landfill garbage.
As new residents in the state of Washington we knew no contractors and therefore chose the one stop, choose all at the Home Depot interior kitchen remodel department. Eventually ‘Chris’, the northern Washington sales manager arrived at our home with many samples from which we chose about $30,000 worth of product and labor for the completed project. We signed the contract then and there not knowing that interest begin to accumulate immediately. Fine print for sure. Chris told us that our only responsibility would be to remove the contents of the cabinets so the work could be performed and that we would have to do nothing else whatsoever.  The time for measurements came and two different people responded to the home and took precise measurements including computer measurements and then we were told that one of our choices called a waterfall would not fit based on the structure of the floor and the wood trim and that it would have to be deleted from the project but that we could replace it with a fake cabinet.  On cabinet installation day the contractor did not arrive. I called Chris and the project coordinator. I emailed them multiple times and received no answer. I left voice messages multiple times and still got no answer or response. Late in the afternoon the contractor called me himself and told me that he was sorry but he had no idea that we were so far away from his location and that he would begin the project the following day. He was a nice guy but they did not send him enough materials nor did they send him the proper materials to install everything finished as promised. On this day for the first time I was able to speak to Julie installation coordinator. She was surprised to find that our backsplash had not arrived with the contractor and upon research determined that they had sent the wrong backsplash from Southern California. It would take days to receive the new order.  For the entire summer and now for the installation I had to make my schedule around Home Depot. I could not wait the few days for the backsplash to be delivered and simply asked that we postpone that installation for a later date that we scheduled then. Before I returned to Washington from California I called Julie with the intention to determine if the backsplash had arrived and if we were on target for the scheduled appointment. I received no response to my emails or phone calls and I again called Chris the super salesman with the same results. Lacking any information from Home Depot that was pertinent to our project and that would require my trouble I came anyway. I then contacted the Home Depot store in the geographical area where all of these managers were located and explained my situation, my current location and my lack of information.  A wonderful lady made my issues a project and was able to tell me that I was scheduled for installation on the following day and that my materials had arrived. At the scheduled time the contractor did not arrive. As usual I called and wrote but nobody responded. Late in the afternoon there was a knock at my front door and I found here a very nice man who was the backsplash installation contractor who had called the wrong number to say that he was going to be late as he did not know that our project was so far away from his location. He worked on his project until 11:45 PM that night. He did not reinstall the cover plates for the electrical outlets and asked me if I could do it and after saying yes I was informed that the screws would have to be cut and shortened because there's insufficient room behind the outlet because of the backsplash.  Today the kitchen is not complete. There were insufficient materials supplied to the cabinet contractor to finish his portion of the job. Several pieces of wood trim have not been replaced or repaired and the supports for one of the countertops were not supplied by Home Depot. I purchased them my self above my contract price and they have been installed but not painted to match anything.  We ordered a Lazy Susan for one of the cabinets to replace an inoperable one. That has yet to arrive as well. I am awaiting a refund for the unused material that we paid for but would not fit. Still waiting for the fake cabinet door to cover what would have been the waterfall. The grout for the backsplash has already cracked in less than three weeks and if that doesnt beat all no one from Home Depot has responded to my written request that describe these problems above (haven't told them about the grout).  My total charges to date for Home Depot exceed $45,000. My local store is undoubtedly the best Home Depot I have been to or used and the service there is impeccable and beyond expectations. I have told the story during surveys with multiple receipts about how exceptional their employees here are. No one has yet to contact me regarding this incomplete project.  
If I can give Home Depot service a no star I would. First off Samsung fridge is JUNK. Worst fridge I've ever owned & purchased from Home Depot. I would never recommend or purchase another Samsung appliance. Second Home Depot extended warranty is a JOKE. Purchased the Samsung fridge in Feb of 2015 with the 5 yr extended warranty. So far we've had 5 service calls but probably 10 visits from a service tech. According to Home Depot the fridge does not qualify for a lemon even though there has been 10 visits and multiple parts replaced. Home Depot prefers to keep wasting my time in having to coordinate my schedule around the service tech's schedule. And I'm sure the cost associated with the parts and labor is close if not already exceeding the cost of a new fridge. Home Depot I will submit every possible complaint and spread the negative service I've received from Home Depot until I receive a new fridge.  