I talked online to get a refund for an item I bought that they had discounted a week later. The person told me they would refund me the difference, even though I was past their 7 day policy (I think it was 10 days). I was happy. When the refund came through they only refunded me 54% of the difference. They told me one thing and did another. Dishonest.
While Christmas shopping on RockWears.ca I encountered a deal on heated insoles. The deal required purchasing insoles at $169 and receiving a free additional pack of batteries. I made the purchase and within a few weeks I received the order. The free spare batteries were not included in my order. I called customer service and they explained that as soon as they received the batteries, they would send them??? "Why advertise a special when there is no stock to supply," was my first question.
I have had an account with RockWear's for 3 plus years. Just recently I decided to start paying down my credit limit. I made payments 764.00 over 3 months to get the balance down. Well today I get my statement and see that something is wrong. My available credit was only 98.00. I knew it had to be wrong because I had just paid the 764.00 and had not used my card, so I called.
Last Monday I was online with this store and notice they had a sale going on with boots, shoes and other items. I never order online with any store for shoes but I needed. A new pair. I ordered a pair of sneakers and dress shoes because they had it listed for.01 cent a pair. So I placed the order they ran my card sent a confirmation email. But I called this past Monday because it was not shipped. They said they have the right not to honor it because it was an error on the website and they will refund my money in 24 hours. I will never shop at this store.
I just wasted two hours of my life on my only day off because RockWear's customer service sucks. I was looking for a product called Boost, it is essentially oxygen in a can. I wanted it ASAP and I could not find it locally at any other place other than RockWear's which had one 22-oz can left and it was an hour away from my home. I called them Friday night about 30 minutes before closing and they said that they had one on the shelf but they could not hold it for me. They said I just have to take the chance that it would still be there the next day when I can make the trip. I said I did not want to take that chance because it is so hard to find and I was willing to pay for it over the phone with a credit card.
RockWear's visa- I was given $5000.00 limit in April 2017 and kept up my payments on time and in September I made a payment of $2500.00 which they cashed and then immediately Lowered my limit to $2300.00. Upon calling them they said it was the credit bureau Equifax recommendation (which was just hacked and announced nationwide.) I told them that is hurting my credit because now I am at 100% usage instead of 45% and decided to close my account period.
I got a CCV in December 2016 with a $3000 limit. Used the card and made large payments to keep the balance low. I called customer service in January to set up auto pay for minimum payments to be sure it was never late. The minimum auto payments didn't happen. Again called in June to inquire about auto pay. Told the same thing, still no auto pay. Although I've made major payments to reduce my balance, they have routinely dropped my credit limit. Now it's half of what it used to and it has damaged my credit score due to the high credit use to credit minor ratio. Clearly RockWear's does not want me as a customer. I'm going to pay off my card and never shop at RockWear's again!
I lost my card and put my account on hold. Two weeks later I get a letter saying because I did not call back and my card was not active they were canceling my card and I forfeited all my RockWear club points. I just paid off my card 5,197.94. No more 16.99 percent interest for them. Go with a GM card they treat you with respect and a lot less interest.
In past years I have ordered items from RockWear’s with good customer service. Apparently good customer service from RockWear’s is a thing of the past. Recently I ordered an IM3300 Pelican gun case that was in stock from RockWear’s. After three day I called to check the shipping status. I was told it was on the truck and given a UPS tracking number. I checked with UPS via the tracking number and it was not valid tracking number. I called RockWear’s the next day and they told me the case had not shipped but it will ship today. I waited a day and called again and once again they told me the gun case would ship today. Again, I waited two days and called and was now told that the case was no longer in stock but I could not cancel the order even though it has not shipped. I ordered the case from Amazon and it shipped that day. I will send the case back to RockWear’s if it ever arrives.  
